Now let's add the just version of the user component.
So when we check the gist console output here, we are seeing the same error we see in the karma window.
So basically the error is occurring because in the app component, just as we didn't declare the new
component we are using, which is user list component.
So let's say this one.
So after this change, the tests are still failing and this failure seems like a flake.
Again, like it is complaining about the module cannot be found in the user list component.
It's importing the user service and it's not able to find that module.
But we know that the user list is able to use the this user service functionality because our karma
tests are passing the the failure can be fixed like this like just is somehow cannot find this path,
this, this user service here.
So by replacing it with the relative relative path like this, so this is under, under a home directory
and in it there's user is so we are going one directory up and one more directory to go to the the app
directory.
Then from the app directory we are going into core and user service, so let's save this one.
Now we are seeing the the warning about the the get request being sent to this end point.
And again, this is occurring because in the EP tests we are rendering the component like in this one.
But now the home component has the user list which is making API call to back end.
So this is saying basically there is a request going to this end point, but there is nothing in my
request handler which is handling that request.
So we can fix it like this.
We can add a rest handler here, forget the mapping and it's going to be API one zero users and we are
going to let's just return an object like page object having only one user.
So we are going to return response and status will be 200.
And as a response body, let's send a response like this.
Let's open the user list karma test here.
So just copying this thing.
And pacing right here.
So this is an object and let's have only one, one and three here and the page is zero, size is three
and there will be only one page.
So let's save this one.
Now we don't see that warning and all tests are passing for the app component.
And let's run all the tests by hitting a.
And their results are passing.
Now let's add the test for the user list.
At the moment we don't have the user list just to file.
So under home.
And home is here.
We have the user list and let's add a new file and that's going to be user list component just as.
So let's have the imports for the render and screen from testing library and we are going to test the
user list component.
And the description described for all test is going to be user list and we are going to.
There's unnecessary branches here.
So like this.
And our first test is going to be it displays three user in list.
So the tests are async because of the testing library behavior.
So we are going to await render and we are going to render the user component.
But again, we are dependent on the HTP client module.
So adding the options and options, we are importing the HTP client module and then we are going to
wait and we use wait wait for coming from Angular.
Testing library, this one testing library angler.
And basically, we are going to wait for three users to appear and we are going to need a server implementation
here as well.
So let's get the up setup server from MSW node and we are going to import the rest from MSW.
So we will have a server setup server and let's have the rest handler and it's going to be get under
for the API one zero users.
And basically we had that in APP just right here.
So just copying this one.
And pasting right here, but we are not going to return only one, but we will have multiple users.
And for that one I'm just going to copy the users from user list component spec right here, just copying
this page object and pasting it right here.
So this is going to be returning the JSON and this JSON is going to be having this page object.
So we also need before all and in this one we will call server listen and let's move it after server
variable initialization part and we will have.
Before each for resetting handlers, server, reset handlers and after all tests are completed.
After all, we are going to call server close.
So we have the server which is returning this page object back.
There are three users here and in our test, as soon as this component is rendered, that request will
be handled in this this handler right here.
So we are going to receive a response having three users and then we can query the create the visibility
of those users.
And here we are going to call expect.
And as a result, we are going to get users like this.
We will use the functionality of screen query.
This time we are looking for multiple elements, so we are going to use query all and by text we are
looking at this specific text for the text.
So far we go with the actual exact value, but we can pass regex here.
So we are going to get our usernames and all our starting with the user for this test, this data so
we can go something like this.
So having having user in it, we are just creating those things and this is returning an array so we
can use this one right here expecting this length to be three.
So we are not querying the list item in this one, but we are just querying the text based on the visible
usernames on the page.
So that's it.
Let's say this one.
And here we see user lists are passing.